2026 (#34)
OceanSprint/oceansprint.org: docs/accomodation.md

> 

- [H10 Suites Lanzarote Gardens](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/h10-suites-lanzarote-gardens.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&all_sr_blocks=9063318_204171578_0_41_0;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;dest_id=-403957;dest_type=city;dist=0;group_adults=1;group_children=0;hapos=155;highlighted_blocks=9063318_204171578_0_41_0;hpos=5;matching_block_id=9063318_204171578_0_41_0;no_rooms=1;req_adults=1;req_children=0;room1=A;sb_price_type=total;sr_order=price;sr_pri_blocks=9063318_204171578_0_41_0__65500;srepoch=1689517463;srpvid=6327627f36c30300;type=total;ucfs=1&)

*Some of the places we don't recommend (based on our experience)*

- Apartment Golden and apartment Golden 2. The apartments are remote, with old facilities and the neighbourhood is not so nice.
- Teguisol complex. A lot of construction on site and too far away from the downtown and the villa. However, you may find cost-effective options there.

---

## Car Rental

> Renting a car is recommended if you want to explore the island. Prices are usually around 200-350 EUR for the week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renting a car is recommended if you want to explore the island. Prices are usually below 200 EUR for the week.
```
